And since we are representing
a greedy‐ass corporation,
we might want to think about
filing a peremptory challenge.
Don't think about it.
Just...
do it.
How they were even a firm
before they hired me
is a mystery that will haunt me
to the end of my days.
Well, we agreed
‐work was off‐limits, remember?
‐
Hey, you don't see me
grading papers.
I just want to make sure
that I don't...
return to the shambles
of my case on Monday.
And we're not technically
at the campsite yet, so...
Well, just keep your eyes
on the road, please.
You're gonna drive us
off a cliff before we even get
our first mosquito bite.
You know, you said you were
gonna be positive about this.
I said that 'cause I love you.
And we're not technically
at the campsite yet, remember?
Mm.
Uh, also,
4,000 years of progress happened
so we wouldn't have to sleep
in the woods.
We're not just
"sleeping in the woods."
This is about
experiencing nature,
about getting outside
our comfort zones.
Exactly.
You know the word
for "outside your comfort zone"?
"Uncomfortable."
Here you go, honey.
Hey, honey,
can you not lick your fingers?
Use the straw.
‐
‐What do you say, buddy?
You excited to go camping?
I want TV.
Wow.
Tough jury.
How far back are we?
Oh, right up next to the forest.
Great. So we won't wake anyone
up during the bear attack.
Now... just sit back
and watch a master outdoorsman
at work.
One, two, three.
Can I see?
One more time?
Can I see
one more time?
Oh, yeah, buddy. You see this?
Oh, my gosh.
Daddy's making us a potty.
He's making us a potty.
More, more, more.
Mm‐hmm, mm‐hmm, mm‐hmm.
Yes.
Mmm.
You're feeling it, aren't you?
The wine? Yes.
For me, it starts
in the back of my neck.
‐Mm.
‐When I actually let go
of all the bullshit
and realize
I'm finally relaxing.
I, uh...
I think it might be
night‐night time.
‐I think it's tent time.
‐Uh‐oh.
Night‐night time!
You ready, little guy?
You ready... sweetheart?
Oh.
Let's give Daddy a kiss, okay?
‐
Mwah!
Who wants to go
in the special sparkle cave?
‐Go night‐night.
‐
Ooh!
He's so cute.
Yeah.
I'm officially glad we came.
‐Mm.
‐Yeah?
Yeah.
I, um... I definitely think
we should come back.
You know, in, like, ten years.
What was that?
It's just
something else to ignore
while I rip your clothes off.
Mm.
‐
‐Mm.
One, two, three.
‐I think that's the...
‐
Good morn...
No one talk to me.
Oh, God, I need caffeine.
‐
‐You want this?
‐And it can swim upside down
‐and stuff.
‐Ooh.
Take this. Ah.
Hey, bud.
Can you hold
one more thing for me?
This is my Boy Scout compass.
You be careful?
‐Sure.
‐All right.
All right. Let's do it.
Let's go.
Do you like to hold it
like this?
Or you want to hold it
Oh.
There you go.
Hmm.
Buddy?
I don't know where he is.
‐Boo!
‐ Oh!
Hmm.
If my name were Jacob,
where would I be?
I don't know.
‐Boo!
‐Oh!
That was a good one, bud.
Hey.
Don't run off too far.
Jacob?
Boo!
Jacob. Come on, buddy.
What are you doing?
Jacob?
Jacob, come out right now!
Jacob?!
Jacob!
‐Jay! Jay. Where's Jacob?
‐I can't find him.
‐What?
‐I can't find him anywhere.
He was here, we were playing,
and then he was gone.
‐What are you talking about?
‐I can't find him anywhere.
‐What? Jacob! Jacob!
‐Jacob!
‐Jacob! Come on out!
‐Come on out. It's okay.
‐Jacob!
‐♪ ♪
Jacob! Jacob!
Jacob?
Jacob!
Gantz?
That's me.
Bob Birch. We need to talk.
And you need to fuck off.
Tell Zeigler he can kiss my ass.
I'm staying
until my lease is up.
Ho‐Hold on, hold on.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
I'm here because I have
information about your son.
Guess some tenants found out
who I am and don't want a guy
who maybe killed his kid
living in the building.
‐
‐They slash my tires,
leave messages on my phone,
slip love letters
under the door.
Only reason
you're standing here is
you don't look like a reporter.
I'm a hunter.
I lead tours up in the woods.
Mostly bankers
trying to find their balls.
They shoot a bear,
go home feeling like Iron Man
and continue fucking people
over.
You must be proud of yourself.
Don't you want to know
why I'm here?
Guess I'm just putting off
the disappointment.
You're about the 200th person
who's come about my son.
I talk to all of 'em.
Psychics. Amateur detectives.
Plain crazy.
Which category you fall into?
‐Eyewitness.
‐
Every spring, I hang
camera traps around the park.
Keep track of game.
What's this?
This photo was taken last week,
in the deep back.
Ain't no campgrounds or trails
around there for miles.
What the fuck
are you trying to tell me?
When he disappeared,
your son was carrying
an old Boy Scout compass,
ain't that right?
Well, I found this
where the camera trap photo
was taken.
‐Who are you?
‐I told you.
I'm a hunter.
Look at the photo.
That boy is about the same age
your son would be right now.
You think that's a coincidence?
You said my son was taken.
Mm.
The past 15 years,
that whole area of the park's
been overrun
by illegal pot farms.
Pot farms?
These are bad folks,
some tied to the cartels.
And you're saying
these people took my son?
It ain't exactly news
that the cartels use kidnapping
to get what they want.
And some of these...
people...
...they're tied to trafficking.
Now, hold on.
All I know is that that photo
was snapped where they operate.
Now, I'm offering
to take you there,
find out if I'm right.
Why?
What do you want?
Expenses.
Nothing more.
The growers,
on the other hand...
...that's a different
conversation.
I know how it sounds,
but the man
isn't even asking for money.
No. He just wants $10,000
for one of these drug people.
He has a contact
with the growers.
He thinks if we pay him,
he may open up
and tell us what he knows.
It's a scam, Jay.
It...
It's so obviously a scam.
I can't believe
you came all the way down here
to put me through this again.
'Kay, will you
at least look at the photo?
No, I will not look at the...
I cannot keep having my heart
ripped out over
and over and over.
Every time we think
there's a chance,
every time,
it turns out to be nothing.
Please just let me live my life.
You call this a life?
Selling these boxes?
Well, I can't teach,
so I have to do something.
I do this.
You need to find something.
‐
‐I need to find our son.
He's gone, Jay!
He's gone.
He‐he got lost...
and drowned or froze to death
or an animal ate him.
Maybe it's a scam
and maybe I'm an idiot, but I...
can't ignore this.
And I don't have the money,
Addy. I...
‐I need your help.
‐
Goddamn you, Jay.
Goddamn you.
Let me show you something, boss.
It's known as the Malvados.
It's where the trail cam photo
was snapped.
It's a good ten klicks
from here, mostly off trail.
Need to be at the growers' camp
before sunset
or we're in the shit.
Let's go.
What's Rob think
of all this?
Uh, we split up. So, actually,
if you really want to know,
it's none of your business, Jay.
Okay. I just, uh...
Haven't seen you in a year
and wanted to catch up.
He wanted to start a family.
That's what happened.
Oh.
I'm... old‐fashioned.
I believe in one family
per lifetime,
and I already had mine.
Maybe that was our mistake.
We should have tried
for another.
You talk like I didn't want to,
like I'm the one
who asked for the divorce.
You didn't have to ask.
It was in every look,
every word you said,
every word you didn't say,
wanting it to be my fault.
I never blamed you, Jay, ever.
Not once. You just...
You needed to believe I did.
You needed to sink
into your little pit of hell
and‐and punish yourself.
And where you went, there
wasn't room for anyone else.
Do you think
I wanted the last ten years?
‐Well, you surely didn't want
anything else!
‐Hey. Hey.
This ain't
no fucking marriage retreat,
and I sure as hell
ain't Dr. Phil.
You can work out
your shit later.
We need to keep moving.
Come on, buddy. Come on.
Great plan, Jay.
We're coming up
on the ranger station.
Guy who runs this here's
a couple rounds shy of a clip.
Not so much a park ranger
as some kind of weird,
fucked‐up Boy Scout.
If possible, avoid conversation.
We can fill up here.
Come on. We got to check in
or he'll get squirrelly.
‐Thanks.
‐Awesome.
Thanks. Guess I'm the, uh...
water girl.
Goddamn. We're in luck.
What?
Nothing.
G'day.
Where you folks headed?
We're just, you know...
just hiking the trails.
Me and my...
You know,
just getting out of the city.
Just hiking the trail,
huh, Birch?
Yeah. Just running
another tour, Stan.
Take 'em down the valley.
If there's time,
go see the falls.
The valley.
Falls.
Bullshit.
Am I right?
Yeah.
‐You're right.
‐Mm‐hmm.
We're here to find our son.
‐Your son.
‐Yep.
You know who we are, don't you?
Recognize you from the news.
Well, we have reason to believe
that our son's still alive.
We're headed up
into those hills.
Malvados.
Jesus Christ, Birch.
What are you telling
these people?
Look, the Malvados
is nowhere you want to go.
We know about the growers.
I'm not talking
about the growers.
There are things
in those canyons
a million times worse
than the growers.
What?
What's in the canyons?
This is what I was afraid of.
We don't have to listen to this.
Let's go.
No, I'm sorry.
I want to hear.
I want to hear this.
There's nothing to hear, honey.
It's a bunch of bullshit.
Hey, boss.
Let's not do this.
I was here, in this station,
the day your son went missing.
You were?
I'd only been in the country
a couple of months.
Didn't know
if I wanted to stay, but...
after that night,
I knew I could never leave.
The helicopters,
the search parties‐‐
they were everywhere. Thought
it might have been a bear
spooked by the commotion.
But then I saw differently.
I asked myself,
who or what was walking
around my ranger station
with feet like that?
Well...
...I got part of an answer.
‐
‐Wait.
So you're saying...
whatever this thing was,
it was...
was carrying our son?
Well, I can't legally say
what it is that I saw
or what it was carrying, but...
I know I saw something.
Something you don't want
to mess with.
Yeah. Well,
thank you for telling us
what you legally can't say,
but I think we've heard enough.
We should get going.
Addy, we can't buy into this.
‐Your husband's right.
‐He's not my husband anymore.
I don't care.
We are racing the night.
We either move right now
or we go back the way we came.
You understand?
STAN
Be smart.
Go back the way you came.
Told you that Aussie's crazy.
He has no reason to lie to us.
I'm not saying he's lying.
I'm saying his Wheaties
have been in the milk too long.
So, what, the story he told us,
you... think he imagined it?
What do you think?
Uh, I think
a lot of weird stuff happened
the night my son went missing.
Stuff no one ever wanted
to talk about.
Like the deer I found hanging
from the tree.
Deer?
It was cut open,
stuck from a tree.
Ooh.
It looked like
some kind of sign.
And then those sounds
we heard...
Goddamn it. Look.
I have been hunting
these woods for 20 years,
and I've never seen nothin'
that I couldn't explain.
I never heard anyone else talk
about something
they couldn't explain except
for Ranger fuckin'
Crocodile Hunter back there.
You believe him, honey,
you're just as fucking crazy
as he is.
Hey, don't talk to her
like that.
‐It's okay, Jay.
‐No, no, no.
Don't fucking talk to her
like that.
Hold on.
Oh, my God.
Jesus fucking Christ.
‐
‐Birch, what the fuck
‐happened here?
‐
Just give me a second.
Just shut the fuck up!
What in the holy fuck
happened here?
It's got to be the cartel
or a rival cartel.
These people are always killing
each other.
That's got to be...
what it is.
Okay, so...
‐Jay. Jay.
‐...what do we do?
I'm thinkin'.
Well, is there any, um...
is there anyone else...
anyone else who could help us?
Help us?
Yeah, find out about our son.
Your son?
Yes. Our son!
The whole reason we're here!
Where's our fucking son, Birch?
People,
I don't have the first clue
where your son is. Never did.
And that photo I showed you‐‐
that was my nephew.
I shot that in the backyard.
‐
‐And the‐the compass,
I bought that
at the Salvation Army store
and dirtied it up.
Yeah, you wanted our money.
I needed that fucking money.
And so I made a deal
with these...
poor fucks.
I get the ten grand, and
then they make you disappear.
And then, in return,
they get your credit cards
and your ATM cards
and then I go back and I say
we got separated
and‐and then I lost you.
And everybody,
everybody makes out!
‐You son of a...
‐Jay!
I have to do this.
I don't want to do this.
But I can't just let you walk
out of here.
Down on your knees.
‐Fuck you.
‐Get on your knees!
No. No.
Fine.
Have it your way.
I told you I was gonna reunite
you with your boy.
And now you're gonna see him.
‐
‐Oh, shit.
Come on, come on. Get up.
You can get up. Come on.
‐
Come on, you.
Keep going. Come on.
‐Jesus Christ.
‐Come on, Jay.
‐
‐The hell happened to you?
He's been shot.
‐Okay, hold on.
‐Sure, sure. Okay.
‐Okay.
Hey. Yeah, right here.
Where the hell's Birch?
‐Birch is dead.
‐
‐Well, saw that coming.
‐Um, careful.
‐
‐Yikes.
‐At least it's through
and through.
‐What?
‐Would you please just help
my husband?
‐
It's basically a scratch.
Crack on, then.
Tell me everything
that happened.
‐
‐Oh, Jesus.
I'm gonna throw up.
I feel sick.
Do that later, please.
Right now,
I need to know everything.
We, um...
we went to the place where...
uh, where Birch said
the drug people were.
And‐and, when we got there,
they were all dead.
Every one of 'em...
was ripped apart.
As if by an animal.
And he said he was, um,
he was lying to us about our son
and that he‐he was...
...he was trying
to scam us out of our money.
‐Keep going.
‐He was gonna kill us.
‐Shoot us.
‐Prick.
One of the bodies, it...
it wasn't dead.
It‐it, uh...
it attacked Birch. It...
‐It bit his neck.
‐
All right, folks.
Do you know
if they followed you?
I don't think so.
I think the gun scared 'em off.
If they didn't come after you,
it wasn't 'cause you had a gun.
Keep pressure on that.
What is out there?
What are those things?
‐
Looks quiet.
I don't think they're coming.
Who's coming?
And don't say fucking Bigfoot,
because that wasn't any Bigfoot
that ripped out Birch's throat.
‐
‐You're better off not knowing.
Can't tell you
even if I wanted to.
Not allowed.
Not allowed?
Those are the rules.
‐Rules?
‐What are you, a fucking parrot?
Hey, man.
Fuck you and your rules.
‐Jesus Christ.
‐Okay, Jay...
‐Get his shotgun.
‐What? I...
‐Just go take his gun.
‐Take it from him.
‐
I don't know how many bullets
are left in this gun,
but, I swear, I will pump you
full of 'em to find out.
Give her the gun.
‐You ever held a gun before?
‐
We've been lied to a lot today,
Mr. Ranger,
but, I swear,
somebody will tell us the truth
before the sun comes up.
I want to know everything
you say you can't tell us.
Fine.
They're not Bigfoot.
Bigfoot is a fairy tale
compared to these things.
In my country,
they call it the yowie,
but that's bullshit, too.
Uh...
You really want
to know everything,
I need to open that.
Go ahead.
‐
Believe me when I tell you,
I was only brought onto this
two years
after your son went missing.
It's a little slice of
American history that's guarded,
like the Manhattan Project.
And that's this.
Your national park system
wasn't created to preserve
the country's natural beauty.
What was it created for?
To keep Americans from things
that would kill and eat 'em.
‐
‐Go on.
Take a look.
I call them Feral Nation.
They're a subpopulation
of humans that live
in the deep woods, like animals.
History and old newspaper articles,
they were known as wild men.
That was grafted
onto the Bigfoot myth.
Lot of Bigfoot sightings
are these things.
You said "eat them."
These things... eat people?
Yeah, whenever they can,
they go cannibal.
Okay, why are...
why do they look like this?
Inbreeding.
Genetic mutations over decades,
‐maybe hundreds of years.
‐I don't understand.
Why did you lie to us?
Why did you say
it was Bigfoot?
I never said Bigfoot. You did.
‐But you did say
hundreds of years.
‐
Well, some think
the ferals have been here
since the Vikings landed
in Newfoundland.
I think
that's pretty farfetched.
If you ask me,
I think they're descendants
of the old mountain men
who never came down out
of the mountains.
Or maybe they're
Civil War soldiers
who never surrendered
after the war.
Hell, maybe they're just
normal people who checked out,
had enough of the world.
There are pockets of these
things in every national park.
Over 2,000 people have vanished
from the parks over the years.
The‐the government
just knows all about this
and‐and keeps it a secret?
Oh. Governments need
their citizens to believe
they're in control.
Plus, the national parks
generate billions of dollars
in revenue every year.
It's capitalism, baby.
I mean, if people knew
there were feral cannibals
running around,
attendance might drop off.
Instead, the government
chooses containment.
Containment.
The day your son went missing,
you notice anything weird
about the search teams?
Yeah.
When the police
were searching the woods,
there was a group of soldiers.
They told us
that it was an Army Ranger unit
attached to
the California National Guard.
Yeah, they were supposed
to be helping with the search,
but they went into the woods
and never came out.
It was like they were running
their own operation.
They were.
And it wasn't to find your son.
Whenever there's an incident,
these units are called in
for population control.
Find and kill as many
of the ferals as possible.
Those soldiers
weren't on a rescue mission‐‐
they were on a hunt.
This is crazy. I...
‐
‐I can't believe this.
I was on one of those sweeps.
Was there 'cause I was familiar
with the area.
So I can personally tell you
they happened.
Though they didn't always go
according to plan.
Soldiers can be cocky bastards.
Sometimes they'd forget
they weren't
‐dealing with animals.
‐
They were dealing
with something else.
Go, go!
‐
Not everyone in those sweeps
came back alive.
But, for the most part,
we gave 'em more than we got.
Okay, so you're saying
that our son,
he was taken by these things,
and they...
If it's any consolation,
the things responsible
didn't make it through the day.
Oh, boy.
Can I have my gun back now,
please?
Oh.
Yeah.
Sorry.
All right,
I'm gonna get on the GMR,
get someone out here
to take you to a hospital.
‐GMR?
‐The radio.
These things are moving
into areas
they're not supposed to be.
And now you're telling me
about this massacre.
Sure, I mean, maybe it's the
growers that have 'em riled up.
Or the drought.
Maybe it's two grieving parents
walking into their territory
with a moron. But...
whatever it is,
it's my fucking duty
to call in for another sweep.
Oh. By the way...
...try and go public
with this and I'll deny it.
People will believe me.
Everyone trusts a park ranger.
KC Region 12
to INF Forest North. Come in.
You were right.
And I was wrong. Again.
‐I almost got us killed.
‐
Brought this all back around.
Well...
...at least we know
what happened.
Would have been better
not to know.
I'm sorry for everything.
For Jacob,
this,
pushing you away.
I wanted you to blame me.
I wanted to... punish myself,
so I destroyed
the best thing I ever had.
Us.
KC Region 12
to INF Forest North. Come in.
This is Forest North.
Go ahead, KC.
‐Forest North,
we got a situation here.
‐
We're gonna need a...
‐Jay.
‐
‐Oh, my God! Jay.
‐Fuck!
Stay back!
‐
‐What the fuck?
Jay.
Jesus fucking Christ.
‐
‐Stay back!
‐Jay.
‐Shit.
‐
No. No.
Please wait. What‐‐
‐No!
‐
‐Jay. Jay, no,
come on, let's go.
‐
Come on, Jay!
Jay, faster. Come on.
‐
‐No!
Come on.
Jay.
Oh, my God.
‐Boo!
‐Oh!
Hi, Jacob.
Jacob.
Boo?
‐